High in this video we are going to talk about how you will be able to run your Python scripts.
And the first option that you can install several libraries if you have Python already installed on
your system that is if you are going to use the sickie to learn we are going to use the CPI we are going
to use non-prime we are going to use panderers we are going to use matplotlib and so on.
So what I have found it that the most convenient way is to download the Anaconda and Annacone there
is going to provide a console such as the Windows command line if you are in a Windows operating system
and you can run your Python scripts as you do it for example on the standard Windows command line.
But what's very important is that this anaconda contains all the important libraries I have been talking
about the NUMP pie matplotlib sip pie and so on.
And the problem I had encountered when I tried to install the CPI library for some reason I wasnt able
to install it.
So a much more convenient way is to download the Anaconda and you can do it without any problem.
I would like to download the anaconda you have to search for it and download an account.
Now you have to navigate through the site and you can download it for Windows for Mac and for Linux
as out and after you click on the icons that it is going to be downloaded you have to install it.
And basically you are able to search for the Anaconda command line as you can see the Anaconda prompt
is going to be here and you are able to run your Python scripts without any problem.
But feel free to use whatever you like.
I mean there are lots of lots of integrated development environments for Python and whatsoever as far
as I am concerned.
I found this Annacone to be very very convenient to use.
Thanks for watching.